readme.md, before:

# vim nodemate

Collection of snippets, utilities and custom completion for node.

*work in progess*

## Installation

**Install for [pathogen](https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen)**

```sh
cd ~/.vim/bundle
git clone git://github.com/mklabs/node.snipmate.git
```

You need [snipmate](https://github.com/msanders/snipmate.vim) plugin
installed to be able to expand the bult-in generated snippets.

## Snippets

[http://nodejs.org/api/documentation.html](http://nodejs.org/api/documentation.html])

> Every .html document has a corresponding .json document presenting the
> same information in a structured manner. This feature is experimental,
> and added for the benefit of IDEs and other utilities that wish to do
> programmatic things with the documentation.


The whole nodejs documentation is available as `.json`, this allow us to
do some fancy things with these information.. like generating a bunch of
snipmate snippet.

Snippet generated from nodejs.org/api/ are all placed in a subdirectory
`snippets/javascript/<module>/<name>.snippet' to allow multiple matches
using `*.snippet` files.

In addition, all these snippets files are used to setup the
omni-completion below.

To regenerate the list of snippet, simply cd into the plugin location
(usually `~/.vim/bundle/nodemate/`) and run `npm install` (this will
install devDepencies and trigger the `./bin/generate` script)

## Omni Completion

See:

* `:h new-omni-completion`
* `:h complete-functions`

This plugin enables and setup, for the `javascript` filetype, both
`completefunc` and `omnifunc` to complete against the list of built-in
snippet files.

It should auto-complete whenever the text in front of the cursor includes
one of node's core modules.

Use `CTRL-X CTRL-O` in Insert mode to start the completion, when the
cursor in in front of something like:

    fs.*
    fs.read*
    path.*

If `"preview"` appears in your `completeopts` options, then it shows
extra information about the currently selected completion in the preview
window, eg. the snippet content.


## List of Snippets

Here is the full list of generated snippets, available for both snippet
expands or omni-completion.

    .
    ├── assert
    │   ├── deepEqual.snippet
    │   ├── doesNotThrow.snippet
    │   ├── equal.snippet
    │   ├── fail.snippet
    │   ├── ifError.snippet
    │   ├── notDeepEqual.snippet
    │   ├── notEqual.snippet
    │   ├── notStrictEqual.snippet
    │   ├── ok.snippet
    │   ├── strictEqual.snippet
    │   └── throws.snippet
    ├── child_process
    │   ├── exec.snippet
    │   ├── execFile.snippet
    │   ├── fork.snippet
    │   └── spawn.snippet
    ├── console
    │   ├── assert.snippet
    │   ├── dir.snippet
    │   ├── error.snippet
    │   ├── info.snippet
    │   ├── log.snippet
    │   ├── time.snippet
    │   ├── timeEnd.snippet
    │   ├── trace.snippet
    │   └── warn.snippet
    ├── crypto
    │   ├── createCipher.snippet
    │   ├── createCipheriv.snippet
    │   ├── createCredentials.snippet
    │   ├── createDecipher.snippet
    │   ├── createDecipheriv.snippet
    │   ├── createDiffieHellman.snippet
    │   ├── createHash.snippet
    │   ├── createHmac.snippet
    │   ├── createSign.snippet
    │   ├── createVerify.snippet
    │   ├── getDiffieHellman.snippet
    │   ├── pbkdf2.snippet
    │   └── randomBytes.snippet
    ├── dgram
    │   └── createSocket.snippet
    ├── dns
    │   ├── lookup.snippet
    │   ├── resolve.snippet
    │   ├── resolve4.snippet
    │   ├── resolve6.snippet
    │   ├── resolveCname.snippet
    │   ├── resolveMx.snippet
    │   ├── resolveNs.snippet
    │   ├── resolveSrv.snippet
    │   ├── resolveTxt.snippet
    │   └── reverse.snippet
    ├── fs
    │   ├── appendFile.snippet
    │   ├── appendFileSync.snippet
    │   ├── chmod.snippet
    │   ├── chmodSync.snippet
    │   ├── chown.snippet
    │   ├── chownSync.snippet
    │   ├── close.snippet
    │   ├── closeSync.snippet
    │   ├── createReadStream.snippet
    │   ├── createWriteStream.snippet
    │   ├── exists.snippet
    │   ├── existsSync.snippet
    │   ├── fchmod.snippet
    │   ├── fchmodSync.snippet
    │   ├── fchown.snippet
    │   ├── fchownSync.snippet
    │   ├── fstat.snippet
    │   ├── fstatSync.snippet
    │   ├── fsync.snippet
    │   ├── fsyncSync.snippet
    │   ├── futimes.snippet
    │   ├── futimesSync.snippet
    │   ├── lchmod.snippet
    │   ├── lchmodSync.snippet
    │   ├── lchown.snippet
    │   ├── lchownSync.snippet
    │   ├── link.snippet
    │   ├── linkSync.snippet
    │   ├── lstat.snippet
    │   ├── lstatSync.snippet
    │   ├── mkdir.snippet
    │   ├── mkdirSync.snippet
    │   ├── open.snippet
    │   ├── openSync.snippet
    │   ├── read.snippet
    │   ├── readFile.snippet
    │   ├── readFileSync.snippet
    │   ├── readSync.snippet
    │   ├── readdir.snippet
    │   ├── readdirSync.snippet
    │   ├── readlink.snippet
    │   ├── readlinkSync.snippet
    │   ├── realpath.snippet
    │   ├── realpathSync.snippet
    │   ├── rename.snippet
    │   ├── renameSync.snippet
    │   ├── rmdir.snippet
    │   ├── rmdirSync.snippet
    │   ├── stat.snippet
    │   ├── statSync.snippet
    │   ├── symlink.snippet
    │   ├── symlinkSync.snippet
    │   ├── truncate.snippet
    │   ├── truncateSync.snippet
    │   ├── unlink.snippet
    │   ├── unlinkSync.snippet
    │   ├── unwatchFile.snippet
    │   ├── utimes.snippet
    │   ├── utimesSync.snippet
    │   ├── watch.snippet
    │   ├── watchFile.snippet
    │   ├── write.snippet
    │   ├── writeFile.snippet
    │   ├── writeFileSync.snippet
    │   └── writeSync.snippet
    ├── http
    │   ├── createClient.snippet
    │   ├── createServer.snippet
    │   ├── get.snippet
    │   └── request.snippet
    ├── https
    │   ├── createServer.snippet
    │   ├── get.snippet
    │   └── request.snippet
    ├── net
    │   ├── connect.snippet
    │   ├── createConnection.snippet
    │   ├── createServer.snippet
    │   ├── isIP.snippet
    │   ├── isIPv4.snippet
    │   └── isIPv6.snippet
    ├── os
    │   ├── arch.snippet
    │   ├── cpus.snippet
    │   ├── freemem.snippet
    │   ├── hostname.snippet
    │   ├── loadavg.snippet
    │   ├── networkInterfaces.snippet
    │   ├── platform.snippet
    │   ├── release.snippet
    │   ├── tmpDir.snippet
    │   ├── totalmem.snippet
    │   ├── type.snippet
    │   └── uptime.snippet
    ├── path
    │   ├── basename.snippet
    │   ├── dirname.snippet
    │   ├── extname.snippet
    │   ├── join.snippet
    │   ├── normalize.snippet
    │   ├── relative.snippet
    │   └── resolve.snippet
    ├── process
    │   ├── abort.snippet
    │   ├── chdir.snippet
    │   ├── cwd.snippet
    │   ├── exit.snippet
    │   ├── getgid.snippet
    │   ├── getuid.snippet
    │   ├── hrtime.snippet
    │   ├── kill.snippet
    │   ├── memoryUsage.snippet
    │   ├── nextTick.snippet
    │   ├── setgid.snippet
    │   ├── setuid.snippet
    │   ├── umask.snippet
    │   └── uptime.snippet
    ├── querystring
    │   ├── parse.snippet
    │   └── stringify.snippet
    ├── readline
    │   └── createInterface.snippet
    ├── repl
    │   └── start.snippet
    ├── timers
    │   ├── clearInterval.snippet
    │   ├── clearTimeout.snippet
    │   ├── setInterval.snippet
    │   └── setTimeout.snippet
    ├── tls_(ssl)
    │   ├── connect.snippet
    │   ├── createSecurePair.snippet
    │   └── createServer.snippet
    ├── url
    │   ├── format.snippet
    │   ├── parse.snippet
    │   └── resolve.snippet
    ├── util
    │   ├── debug.snippet
    │   ├── error.snippet
    │   ├── format.snippet
    │   ├── inherits.snippet
    │   ├── inspect.snippet
    │   ├── isArray.snippet
    │   ├── isDate.snippet
    │   ├── isError.snippet
    │   ├── isRegExp.snippet
    │   ├── log.snippet
    │   ├── print.snippet
    │   ├── pump.snippet
    │   └── puts.snippet
    ├── vm
    │   ├── createContext.snippet
    │   ├── createScript.snippet
    │   ├── runInContext.snippet
    │   ├── runInNewContext.snippet
    │   └── runInThisContext.snippet
    └── zlib
        ├── createDeflate.snippet
        ├── createDeflateRaw.snippet
        ├── createGunzip.snippet
        ├── createGzip.snippet
        ├── createInflate.snippet
        ├── createInflateRaw.snippet
        ├── createUnzip.snippet
        ├── deflate.snippet
        ├── deflateRaw.snippet
        ├── gunzip.snippet
        ├── gzip.snippet
        ├── inflate.snippet
        ├── inflateRaw.snippet
        └── unzip.snippet

    22 directories, 205 files

Commit message:

add fallback to complete based on require.resolve / require calls
This should let the snippet based matching be, while allowing the
completion of any valid npm module, as long as require.resolve returns
something relevant completion will go through

The preview window is filled with the String conversion of the method
being completed

readme.md, after:

# vim nodemate

Collection of snippets, utilities and custom completion for node.

*work in progess*

## Installation

**Install for [pathogen](https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen)**

```sh
cd ~/.vim/bundle
git clone git://github.com/mklabs/node.snipmate.git
```

You need [snipmate](https://github.com/msanders/snipmate.vim) plugin
installed to be able to expand the bult-in generated snippets.

## Snippets

[http://nodejs.org/api/documentation.html](http://nodejs.org/api/documentation.html])

> Every .html document has a corresponding .json document presenting the
> same information in a structured manner. This feature is experimental,
> and added for the benefit of IDEs and other utilities that wish to do
> programmatic things with the documentation.


The whole nodejs documentation is available as `.json`, this allow us to
do some fancy things with this information.. like generating a bunch of
snipmate snippet.

Snippet generated from nodejs.org/api/ are all placed in a subdirectory
`snippets/javascript/<module>/<name>.snippet`

To regenerate the list of snippet, simply cd into the plugin location
(usually `~/.vim/bundle/nodemate/`) and run `npm install` (this will
install devDepencies and trigger the `./bin/generate` script)


In addition, these snippets files are used to setup the omni-completion
below.

## Omni Completion

See:

* `:h new-omni-completion`
* `:h complete-functions`

This plugin enables and setup, for the `javascript` filetype, both
`completefunc` and `omnifunc` to complete against the list of built-in snippet
files, **or** if no snippets where found, using `require.resolve('...')` plus
object introspection with `Object.keys(require('...'))`.

It should auto-complete whenever the text in front of the cursor includes one
of node's core modules, *or* any npm installed module. (as long as
`require.resolve()` returns the module being completed)

Use `CTRL-X CTRL-O` in Insert mode to start the completion, when the
cursor in in front of something like:

    fs.*
    fs.read*
    path.*

    # npm install request
    request.*

### Preview window

If `"preview"` appears in your `completeopts` options, then it shows
extra information about the currently selected completion in the preview
window.

For snippet based completion, the preview window will show the the snippet
content.

When using `require.resolve()`, then the preview window will show the result of
String conversion of `require(':module')['property']`. In the case of methods,
it will show you the function signature and content, which can be incredibly
usefull.

## List of Snippets

Here is the full list of generated snippets, available for both snippet
expands or omni-completion.

    .
    ├── assert
    │   ├── deepEqual.snippet
    │   ├── doesNotThrow.snippet
    │   ├── equal.snippet
    │   ├── fail.snippet
    │   ├── ifError.snippet
    │   ├── notDeepEqual.snippet
    │   ├── notEqual.snippet
    │   ├── notStrictEqual.snippet
    │   ├── ok.snippet
    │   ├── strictEqual.snippet
    │   └── throws.snippet
    ├── child_process
    │   ├── exec.snippet
    │   ├── execFile.snippet
    │   ├── fork.snippet
    │   └── spawn.snippet
    ├── console
    │   ├── assert.snippet
    │   ├── dir.snippet
    │   ├── error.snippet
    │   ├── info.snippet
    │   ├── log.snippet
    │   ├── time.snippet
    │   ├── timeEnd.snippet
    │   ├── trace.snippet
    │   └── warn.snippet
    ├── crypto
    │   ├── createCipher.snippet
    │   ├── createCipheriv.snippet
    │   ├── createCredentials.snippet
    │   ├── createDecipher.snippet
    │   ├── createDecipheriv.snippet
    │   ├── createDiffieHellman.snippet
    │   ├── createHash.snippet
    │   ├── createHmac.snippet
    │   ├── createSign.snippet
    │   ├── createVerify.snippet
    │   ├── getDiffieHellman.snippet
    │   ├── pbkdf2.snippet
    │   └── randomBytes.snippet
    ├── dgram
    │   └── createSocket.snippet
    ├── dns
    │   ├── lookup.snippet
    │   ├── resolve.snippet
    │   ├── resolve4.snippet
    │   ├── resolve6.snippet
    │   ├── resolveCname.snippet
    │   ├── resolveMx.snippet
    │   ├── resolveNs.snippet
    │   ├── resolveSrv.snippet
    │   ├── resolveTxt.snippet
    │   └── reverse.snippet
    ├── fs
    │   ├── appendFile.snippet
    │   ├── appendFileSync.snippet
    │   ├── chmod.snippet
    │   ├── chmodSync.snippet
    │   ├── chown.snippet
    │   ├── chownSync.snippet
    │   ├── close.snippet
    │   ├── closeSync.snippet
    │   ├── createReadStream.snippet
    │   ├── createWriteStream.snippet
    │   ├── exists.snippet
    │   ├── existsSync.snippet
    │   ├── fchmod.snippet
    │   ├── fchmodSync.snippet
    │   ├── fchown.snippet
    │   ├── fchownSync.snippet
    │   ├── fstat.snippet
    │   ├── fstatSync.snippet
    │   ├── fsync.snippet
    │   ├── fsyncSync.snippet
    │   ├── futimes.snippet
    │   ├── futimesSync.snippet
    │   ├── lchmod.snippet
    │   ├── lchmodSync.snippet
    │   ├── lchown.snippet
    │   ├── lchownSync.snippet
    │   ├── link.snippet
    │   ├── linkSync.snippet
    │   ├── lstat.snippet
    │   ├── lstatSync.snippet
    │   ├── mkdir.snippet
    │   ├── mkdirSync.snippet
    │   ├── open.snippet
    │   ├── openSync.snippet
    │   ├── read.snippet
    │   ├── readFile.snippet
    │   ├── readFileSync.snippet
    │   ├── readSync.snippet
    │   ├── readdir.snippet
    │   ├── readdirSync.snippet
    │   ├── readlink.snippet
    │   ├── readlinkSync.snippet
    │   ├── realpath.snippet
    │   ├── realpathSync.snippet
    │   ├── rename.snippet
    │   ├── renameSync.snippet
    │   ├── rmdir.snippet
    │   ├── rmdirSync.snippet
    │   ├── stat.snippet
    │   ├── statSync.snippet
    │   ├── symlink.snippet
    │   ├── symlinkSync.snippet
    │   ├── truncate.snippet
    │   ├── truncateSync.snippet
    │   ├── unlink.snippet
    │   ├── unlinkSync.snippet
    │   ├── unwatchFile.snippet
    │   ├── utimes.snippet
    │   ├── utimesSync.snippet
    │   ├── watch.snippet
    │   ├── watchFile.snippet
    │   ├── write.snippet
    │   ├── writeFile.snippet
    │   ├── writeFileSync.snippet
    │   └── writeSync.snippet
    ├── http
    │   ├── createClient.snippet
    │   ├── createServer.snippet
    │   ├── get.snippet
    │   └── request.snippet
    ├── https
    │   ├── createServer.snippet
    │   ├── get.snippet
    │   └── request.snippet
    ├── net
    │   ├── connect.snippet
    │   ├── createConnection.snippet
    │   ├── createServer.snippet
    │   ├── isIP.snippet
    │   ├── isIPv4.snippet
    │   └── isIPv6.snippet
    ├── os
    │   ├── arch.snippet
    │   ├── cpus.snippet
    │   ├── freemem.snippet
    │   ├── hostname.snippet
    │   ├── loadavg.snippet
    │   ├── networkInterfaces.snippet
    │   ├── platform.snippet
    │   ├── release.snippet
    │   ├── tmpDir.snippet
    │   ├── totalmem.snippet
    │   ├── type.snippet
    │   └── uptime.snippet
    ├── path
    │   ├── basename.snippet
    │   ├── dirname.snippet
    │   ├── extname.snippet
    │   ├── join.snippet
    │   ├── normalize.snippet
    │   ├── relative.snippet
    │   └── resolve.snippet
    ├── process
    │   ├── abort.snippet
    │   ├── chdir.snippet
    │   ├── cwd.snippet
    │   ├── exit.snippet
    │   ├── getgid.snippet
    │   ├── getuid.snippet
    │   ├── hrtime.snippet
    │   ├── kill.snippet
    │   ├── memoryUsage.snippet
    │   ├── nextTick.snippet
    │   ├── setgid.snippet
    │   ├── setuid.snippet
    │   ├── umask.snippet
    │   └── uptime.snippet
    ├── querystring
    │   ├── parse.snippet
    │   └── stringify.snippet
    ├── readline
    │   └── createInterface.snippet
    ├── repl
    │   └── start.snippet
    ├── timers
    │   ├── clearInterval.snippet
    │   ├── clearTimeout.snippet
    │   ├── setInterval.snippet
    │   └── setTimeout.snippet
    ├── tls_(ssl)
    │   ├── connect.snippet
    │   ├── createSecurePair.snippet
    │   └── createServer.snippet
    ├── url
    │   ├── format.snippet
    │   ├── parse.snippet
    │   └── resolve.snippet
    ├── util
    │   ├── debug.snippet
    │   ├── error.snippet
    │   ├── format.snippet
    │   ├── inherits.snippet
    │   ├── inspect.snippet
    │   ├── isArray.snippet
    │   ├── isDate.snippet
    │   ├── isError.snippet
    │   ├── isRegExp.snippet
    │   ├── log.snippet
    │   ├── print.snippet
    │   ├── pump.snippet
    │   └── puts.snippet
    ├── vm
    │   ├── createContext.snippet
    │   ├── createScript.snippet
    │   ├── runInContext.snippet
    │   ├── runInNewContext.snippet
    │   └── runInThisContext.snippet
    └── zlib
        ├── createDeflate.snippet
        ├── createDeflateRaw.snippet
        ├── createGunzip.snippet
        ├── createGzip.snippet
        ├── createInflate.snippet
        ├── createInflateRaw.snippet
        ├── createUnzip.snippet
        ├── deflate.snippet
        ├── deflateRaw.snippet
        ├── gunzip.snippet
        ├── gzip.snippet
        ├── inflate.snippet
        ├── inflateRaw.snippet
        └── unzip.snippet

    22 directories, 205 files
